Yo, those guys!
I just bullied you, what's the matter?
Goldman Sachs, you know?
The boss of Goldman Sachs is in Dongyuan City
Big black and white
Humph
I feel dirty when a stinky dick like you comes in
I have a floor
I told you to get out of here before I get mad
Come to security
This is the pattern of black and white taking all the big shots
They kicked me out without looking at anything.
Really
What's wrong with stopping?
What's the matter, are you brave?
Dare to mock our boss
This is not sarcasm.
I'm telling the truth, huh?
Okay, okay, in that case
Then I'll let Qian Lao come and have a look.
Don't blame me for not reminding you
If this thing of yours is not an old object
Then you kneel for me
From here the dog barks and crawls out
What if he's an old thing?
Hmph, then I'll kneel down for you
Lick the soles of your shoes clean
Then I look forward to you licking the soles of your shoes for me.
Qian Lao
This gift is prepared for Master Hou's birthday banquet
You have to choose well.
Don't lose face
Miss Wu, don't worry.
I will definitely do this well.
Qian Lao